One Click Wonder 03, for Forged Alliance.

By BulletMagnet (CookieMONSTERa on GPGNet).

Thanks to the combined brain-power of the GPGNet forum.



Change Log: (just so it's clear what is meant to happen.)

01:
	Initial Release.

02:
	Fixed a bunch of stuff because I didn't properly split OCW from Backport.
	
	Changed the UID to mess with mod loading order. If the mod doesn't load after updating; that's why, 
		and you should have RTFM!

03:
	Lots of changes. Works much better (but not perfectly) when dealing with mexes you've already built on. 
	
	Performance improvements because I actually sat down and had the think about how to do things.
	
	Logging messages ARE STILL ENABLED. They're like that because they don't happen all that often, and I can't be daft going to find them all. 



Description: (what the hell does this mod do?)

This UI mod allows players to simply click on a mass (or a hydrocarbon) deposit and have engineers automatically build the corresponding mass extractor or powerplant.

Further to this, holding the Alt. key while selecting wreckage will order engineers to rebuild that structure. Engineers can't rebuild structures they couldn't normally build (and won't ever be able to, so don't ask).



A Quick Q&A: (should address some concerns that you might have.)

Q: Where is the *.scd file? 
A: Well, there is none. That's the way I roll.

Q: Why is their no *.scd mod?
A: Laziness on my part.

Q: Does this work with vanilla Supreme Commander?
A: I honestly have no idea; I haven't checked. Please feel free to try and let me know of the results.

Q: It doesn't work!!!
A: Sorry about that, i'm only a part-time modderer (university takes priority over mods). If you shout at me for a while, I might fix it.



Installation Instructions: (for those who can't nut-it-out themselves.)

copy the "One Click Wonder" zip file to;

	%USERPROFILE%\My Documents\My Games\Gas Powered Games\Supreme Commander Forged Alliance\Mods\

or for Vista users;

	%USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\Gas Powered Games\Supreme Commander Forged Alliance\Mods\

* NOTE: you can copy-paste the above address to any window in Windows (XP or Vista) and it will work, magically.